VideoJS - docs update to reflect the FP LS URL being retrieved from the manifest. (#108)
Vualto/vudrm-public-docs: docs/source/DeveloperDocumentation/PlayerIntegrations/videojs.md

> The following code snippet can be found in the repo mentioned above here: [https://github.com/Vualto/vuplay-videojs/blob/master/src/vuplay.js](https://github.com/Vualto/vuplay-videojs/blob/master/src/vuplay.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet can be found in our [vuplay videojs repo](https://github.com/Vualto/vuplay-videojs/blob/master/src/vuplay.js).
```
